README.md, before:

# Cobblemon Smartphone

A Cobblemon addon that adds smartphones to enhance your Pokémon training experience in Cobblemon!


# ⚙️ [NEW] Cobblemon Smartphone Mod Addon API Example

This guide shows how to **create and register a custom smartphone action** using the Cobblemon Smartphone API in your own Fabric addon mod.

---

## 1. Add Cobblemon Smartphone as a Dependency

- Place the `cobblemon_smartphone` JAR in your `libs` folder.
- In your `build.gradle`:

```groovy
repositories {
    flatDir { dirs 'libs' }
}

dependencies {
    modImplementation name: 'cobblemon_smartphone-fabric-1.0.3' // Adjust for your version
}
```

- In your `fabric.mod.json`:

```json
"depends": {
  "fabricloader": ">=0.14",
  "minecraft": ">=1.20",
  "cobblemon_smartphone": "*"
}
```

---

## 2. Create a Smartphone Action

Create a Kotlin file (for example, `MyAction.kt`) in your addon mod:

```kotlin
package com.example.myaddon

import com.nbp.cobblemon_smartphone.api.SmartphoneAction
import com.nbp.cobblemon_smartphone.api.SmartphoneActionRegistry
import net.minecraft.client.Minecraft
import net.minecraft.resources.ResourceLocation

object MyAction : SmartphoneAction {
    override val id = "myaddon:super_action"
    override val texture = ResourceLocation("myaddon", "textures/gui/buttons/super_action.png")
    override val hoverTexture = ResourceLocation("myaddon", "textures/gui/buttons/super_action_hover.png")

    override fun onClick() {
        val player = Minecraft.getInstance().player ?: return
        // Your action code here!
        player.sendMessage(net.minecraft.network.chat.Component.literal("Super Action!"), false)
        Minecraft.getInstance().setScreen(null) // Closes the smartphone screen
    }

    override fun isEnabled(): Boolean = true
}
```

---

## 3. Register Your Action

In your mod initializer (Fabric):

```kotlin
package com.example.myaddon

import com.nbp.cobblemon_smartphone.api.SmartphoneActionRegistry
import net.fabricmc.api.ModInitializer

object MyAddonMod : ModInitializer {
    override fun onInitialize() {
        SmartphoneActionRegistry.register(MyAction)
    }
}
```

Or (if using a class):

```kotlin
class MyAddonMod : ModInitializer {
    override fun onInitialize() {
        SmartphoneActionRegistry.register(MyAction)
    }
}
```

---

## 4. Add Your Button Textures

- Place `super_action.png` and `super_action_hover.png` in:
  ```
  src/main/resources/assets/myaddon/textures/gui/buttons/
  ```
- Replace `myaddon` with your mod ID and update the ResourceLocation in your action code if needed.

---

## 5. Run and Test

- Launch Minecraft with both Cobblemon Smartphone and your addon in the `mods` folder.
- Open the smartphone in-game. Your custom action should appear as a new button!

---

## ℹ️ More Info

- You can register as many actions as you want.
- Actions are shown in the order they are registered.
- For advanced use, check the mod’s source for more API details.

---

## Features
The smartphone comes with three main features that can be toggled in the configuration:

1. Pokémon Healing - Quick access to heal your Pokémon team
2. PC Access - Open your Pokémon PC storage system on the go
3. Cloud Storage - Access your Ender Chest anywhere

## Available Colors
Express your style with different smartphone colors:
- Red
- Yellow
- Green
- Blue
- Pink
- Black
- White

  1.0.2 or later

- Brown
- Cyan
- Gray
- Light gray
- Light blue
- Lime
- Magenta
- Orange
- Purple

## Configuration Options

### Feature Toggles
You can enable or disable any of the main features in the config file:
- `enableHeal` - Toggle the healing feature
- `enablePC` - Toggle PC access
- `enableCloud` - Toggle Ender Chest access

### Cooldown Settings
Customize the cooldown times for each feature:
- Healing Button: 60 seconds (default)
- PC Access: 5 seconds (default)
- Cloud Storage: 5 seconds (default)

## Usage
- Smartphones can be found in the Tools and Utilities tab in the creative inventory
- Right-click while holding the smartphone to open its interface
- Click on the desired function button to activate it
- The interface includes hover effects for better user experience

## Technical Details
- Built for the Fabric mod loader
- Requires Cobblemon as a dependency
- Configurations are stored in `config/cobblemon_smartphone.json`
- Features server-side protection with cooldown systems

The mod seamlessly integrates with Cobblemon to provide convenient mobile access to essential Pokémon trainer functionalities while maintaining game balance through configurable cooldown periods.

Commit message:

feat: Curios and Trinkets integrations

README.md, after:

# Cobblemon Smartphone

A Cobblemon addon that adds smartphones to enhance your Pokémon training experience in Cobblemon!


# ⚙️ [NEW] Cobblemon Smartphone Mod Addon API Example

This guide shows how to **create and register a custom smartphone action** using the Cobblemon Smartphone API in your own Fabric addon mod.

---

## 1. Add Cobblemon Smartphone as a Dependency

- Place the `cobblemon_smartphone` JAR in your `libs` folder.
- In your `build.gradle`:

```groovy
repositories {
    flatDir { dirs 'libs' }
}

dependencies {
    modImplementation name: 'cobblemon_smartphone-fabric-1.0.3' // Adjust for your version
}
```

- In your `fabric.mod.json`:

```json
"depends": {
  "fabricloader": ">=0.14",
  "minecraft": ">=1.20",
  "cobblemon_smartphone": "*"
}
```

---

## 2. Create a Smartphone Action

Create a Kotlin file (for example, `MyAction.kt`) in your addon mod:

```kotlin
package com.example.myaddon

import com.nbp.cobblemon_smartphone.api.SmartphoneAction
import com.nbp.cobblemon_smartphone.api.SmartphoneActionRegistry
import net.minecraft.client.Minecraft
import net.minecraft.resources.ResourceLocation

object MyAction : SmartphoneAction {
    override val id = "myaddon:super_action"
    override val texture = ResourceLocation("myaddon", "textures/gui/buttons/super_action.png")
    override val hoverTexture = ResourceLocation("myaddon", "textures/gui/buttons/super_action_hover.png")

    override fun onClick() {
        val player = Minecraft.getInstance().player ?: return
        // Your action code here!
        player.sendMessage(net.minecraft.network.chat.Component.literal("Super Action!"), false)
        Minecraft.getInstance().setScreen(null) // Closes the smartphone screen
    }

    override fun isEnabled(): Boolean = true
}
```

---

## 3. Register Your Action

In your mod initializer (Fabric):

```kotlin
package com.example.myaddon

import com.nbp.cobblemon_smartphone.api.SmartphoneActionRegistry
import net.fabricmc.api.ModInitializer

object MyAddonMod : ModInitializer {
    override fun onInitialize() {
        SmartphoneActionRegistry.register(MyAction)
    }
}
```

Or (if using a class):

```kotlin
class MyAddonMod : ModInitializer {
    override fun onInitialize() {
        SmartphoneActionRegistry.register(MyAction)
    }
}
```

---

## 4. Add Your Button Textures

- Place `super_action.png` and `super_action_hover.png` in:
  ```
  src/main/resources/assets/myaddon/textures/gui/buttons/
  ```
- Replace `myaddon` with your mod ID and update the ResourceLocation in your action code if needed.

---

## 5. Run and Test

- Launch Minecraft with both Cobblemon Smartphone and your addon in the `mods` folder.
- Open the smartphone in-game. Your custom action should appear as a new button!

---

## ℹ️ More Info

- You can register as many actions as you want.
- Actions are shown in the order they are registered.
- For advanced use, check the mod’s source for more API details.

---

## Features
The smartphone comes with three main features that can be toggled in the configuration:

1. Pokémon Healing - Quick access to heal your Pokémon team
2. PC Access - Open your Pokémon PC storage system on the go
3. Cloud Storage - Access your Ender Chest anywhere

## Available Colors
Express your style with different smartphone colors:
- Red
- Yellow
- Green
- Blue
- Pink
- Black
- White

  1.0.2 or later

- Brown
- Cyan
- Gray
- Light gray
- Light blue
- Lime
- Magenta
- Orange
- Purple

## Configuration Options

### Feature Toggles
You can enable or disable any of the main features in the config file:
- `enableHeal` - Toggle the healing feature
- `enablePC` - Toggle PC access
- `enableCloud` - Toggle Ender Chest access

### Cooldown Settings
Customize the cooldown times for each feature:
- Healing Button: 60 seconds (default)
- PC Access: 5 seconds (default)
- Cloud Storage: 5 seconds (default)

## Usage
- Smartphones can be found in the Tools and Utilities tab in the creative inventory
- Right-click while holding the smartphone to open its interface
- Click on the desired function button to activate it
- The interface includes hover effects for better user experience
- Press **K** (default) to quickly open your smartphone if it's in your inventory

## Trinkets Compatibility (Fabric Only)

Cobblemon Smartphone has **optional** compatibility with the [Trinkets](https://modrinth.com/mod/trinkets) mod!

When Trinkets is installed:
- A new **Smartphone** slot will appear in the hand slot group in your inventory
- You can equip your smartphone in this dedicated slot
- The keybind (K) will detect smartphones in both Trinkets slots AND your regular inventory
- Trinkets slots are checked first, then the regular inventory

This is completely optional - the mod works perfectly fine without Trinkets installed.

## Technical Details
- Built for the Fabric mod loader
- Requires Cobblemon as a dependency
- Configurations are stored in `config/cobblemon_smartphone.json`
- Features server-side protection with cooldown systems

The mod seamlessly integrates with Cobblemon to provide convenient mobile access to essential Pokémon trainer functionalities while maintaining game balance through configurable cooldown periods.
